::ON A SPACESHIP::
Nurse: My (RATIS) is gone!
Flower: How are we going to get out of here?
Robert: Why is that vent so big?
NUrse: Yeah.
Curtis: This ship is very warm.
Nurse: Why?
Flower: What if we never leave?
Nurse: I don't know.
Curtis: [opens door] The escape pods are on the bottom floor of the ship, but we can't really go there.
Nurse: We're not using escape pods until I get back my (RATIS).
Curtis: Whatever floats your boat.
Nurse: So what was in that vent? The Prime?
Curtis: Yep.
Nurse: Does the Prime move around a lot?
Curtis: She stays guarding the escape pods.
Nurse: Where's the main infestation?
Curtis: They've spread all over the place.
Nurse: Flower, Robert, we may be here a while. 
Curtis: [proceeds down hall]
Nurse: Come along!
Flower: [follows]

--{EPISODE ELEVEN: INSOMNIA}--


{A man with a sheet covering his head is being rushed to a room.}
Nurse: How many casualties?
Curtis: 40-er... 41.
Nurse: How long have they been here?
Curtis: 2 weeks.
Nurse: So what have you done to stop them?
Curtis: We called an exterminator and tried to stay awake.
Nurse: Oh good! Where's the exterminator?
Curtis: Well, his head is in the vents. Dunno where the rest is.
Nurse: [winces]
Flower: That's awful.
Robert:  h u h.
Curtis: [opens door into lounge] We're prepared now, I think... [enters]
Nurse: Ah... I see.
Curtis: [opens two minifridges full of soda and surns on a coffee machine]
Flower: Of course.
Curtis: [turns on speakers and blasts death metal at full volume]
Flower: Oh god, that's loud.
Curtis: Has to be. It's better to deaf than dead.
Robert: Why?
Curtis: You don't know what Wildrum do?
Nurse: Yeah.
Flower: Nope.
Curtis: They wait 'til someone falls asleep, then weld their eyes, nose, and mouth shut, causing them to suffocate.
Nurse: Yeah, just about.
Flower: Nurse, we need to leave right now!
Robert: Not sure if we can.
Nurse: What's your name Captain?
Curtis: Captain Curtis, on duty.
Nurse: Where do you come from, Curtis?
Curtis: Mars Colony 76.
Nurse: Ah, so you speak Martian.
Curtis: I've taken a few classes.
Nurse: What are you speaking right now?
Curtis: Martian. Sorry, if I've mispronounced a few things.
Nurse: Cool.
Flower: Wait...
Robert: But he's speaking English.
Nurse: No, he's not. My (RATIS) has Google translate installed.
Robert: Okay, then?
Nurse: The fact that it's translating means it's still alive. Nevermind personal stuff. What are we going to do? If we get my (RATIS) back, we can get everyone off this ship. But the Prime has it...
Curtis: We can send you down with some security.
Nurse: Think that'll work?
Curtis: Fifth time's the charm...?
--{NEXT EPISODE: THE DESCENT}--
